Who is it for?  
Users who live alone
May need more help jogging their memory  
Could have everything in their name (simpler ownership)
Users with different household sizes and relationships with cohabitants
Large multi-generational family, or roommates 
May involve complex shared ownership situations
Multiple insurance policies might be involved
Different people may prefer using different languages 
Users facing different levels of loss: 
Users who lost everything -> must rely completely on memory and existing documentation 
Users who lost some items -> want to proactively document remaining items
Language, culture 
Non-native English speakers
Culture-specific items 
Currency conversion (“I purchased this TV in Canada and brought it to the US, what’s the value in US dollars?”)
Accessibility
Poor vision
May or may not be proficient with technology
What are the user needs? 
I need help jogging my memory about the items I own
I need to find existing documentation: receipts, photos, videos, etc
I need to prioritize what the insurance company needs:
P0: list of items, their descriptions, estimated value, photos
P1: proof of purchase 
I need to quickly estimate the value of my items
I want to blur some parts of photos before submitting them
What’s the high-level user journey?
Select preferred language and currency, and provide context about my home
Use existing documentation to start building my inventory
Recall additional items
Add details to each item
Share information with insurance company 
What are we building?

Step 1: User selects their preferred language and currency, and provides context about their home 

Show the user a checklist of rooms and major appliances in each. The user confirms which items they own. E.g., 
Living room
Couch
Lamp
Coffee table
Kitchen
Microwave
Airfryer
Sink
Bathroom  
Washing machine
Dryer
Light fixtures

Step 2: Use existing documentation 

Teach users how to find existing receipts, purchase records, photos, and videos, so that they can upload them to the website 
Include links to download purchase data from Amazon, Walmart, etc., 
For emails, recommend the user to open their email app and search keywords, e.g., “insurance,” “renovation,” “receipt,” “purchase history.” Then, download or screenshot relevant emails, and upload them to the website. 
For Photos apps,  recommend the user to open their Photos app (Google, Apple, Facebook album), e.g., “home decor,” “appliance,” “living room,” “bedroom,” “kitchen,” “cooking,” “desk.” Then, upload photos to the website. 
Then, the tool compiles a list of items and their respective photos, and asks the user to confirm
Recognize duplicates: if the user purchased a coffee machine, and you detect a similar item in their photo, assume it the same item and ask the user to confirm 
Allow multiple users to collaborate on creating this inventory across multiple sessions
